# class `ModuleConfiguration` 

```
class ModuleConfiguration
  : public ModuleOperatorInterfaceClient
```  

ADT modelling an array of bytes intended for use as as a persistent repository of firmware configuration data.

A [ModuleConfiguration](#classModuleConfiguration) instance must be initialised before use by a call to the initialise() method.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public  `[`ModuleConfiguration`](#classModuleConfiguration_1aad4e3aceb58c78b181b4c8003f375604)`(unsigned char * configuration,unsigned int size,unsigned int eepromAddress,bool(*)(unsigned int, unsigned char) validator)` | Construct a new [ModuleConfiguration](#classModuleConfiguration) object.
`public bool `[`setByte`](#classModuleConfiguration_1a5f51200e01e2c4c3a09d75e638e965fe)`(unsigned int index,unsigned char value)` | Set a byte in the configuration.
`public unsigned char `[`getByte`](#classModuleConfiguration_1a49af831c912482a6e21afe817dc6987e)`(unsigned int index)` | Get a byte from the configuration.
`public bool `[`validateAddress`](#classModuleConfiguration_1a990a5e8ebfa2f46d0c0879ffaeed8b61)`(unsigned char index)` | Check that an index value is a valid configuration address.
`public void `[`saveByte`](#classModuleConfiguration_1afcb5191a28a9ef3c446f36718a26ac1e)`(unsigned int index)` | 
`public void `[`save`](#classModuleConfiguration_1a007d17f1033780a4b47596f7e0c8261c)`()` | 
`public void `[`load`](#classModuleConfiguration_1ad04ac9099049e8609cb9173a0f38ec6c)`()` | 
`public void `[`erase`](#classModuleConfiguration_1ab6065f381e469a40e9ac9ac24fc31c82)`()` | 

## Members

#### `public  `[`ModuleConfiguration`](#classModuleConfiguration_1aad4e3aceb58c78b181b4c8003f375604)`(unsigned char * configuration,unsigned int size,unsigned int eepromAddress,bool(*)(unsigned int, unsigned char) validator)` 

Construct a new [ModuleConfiguration](#classModuleConfiguration) object.

Create a new [ModuleConfiguration](#classModuleConfiguration) instance from either an existing, previously saved, configuration or, if none exists, then from a supplied fallback.

#### Parameters
* `configuration` - byte array containing a fallback configuration. 

* `size` - size of configuration array in bytes. 

* `eepromAddress` - address in EEPROM where the configuration has been or will be persisted (optional: defaults to 0). 

* `validator` - callback function that can be used to validate bytes written to the module configuration (optional: defaults to none).

#### `public bool `[`setByte`](#classModuleConfiguration_1a5f51200e01e2c4c3a09d75e638e965fe)`(unsigned int index,unsigned char value)` 

Set a byte in the configuration.

If a /a validator function was specified when this instance was created then supplied bytes must be successfully validated before being saved.

#### Parameters
* `index` - the index within the configuration where value should be saved. 

* `value` - the value to be saved. 

#### Returns
true - value was saved successfully. 

#### Returns
false - value was not saved because *index* was out of range or *value* failed validation.

#### `public unsigned char `[`getByte`](#classModuleConfiguration_1a49af831c912482a6e21afe817dc6987e)`(unsigned int index)` 

Get a byte from the configuration.

#### Parameters
* `index` - the index within the configuration from where the requested byte should be retrieved. 

#### Returns
unsigned char - the retrieved byte or 0xff if *index* was out of range.

#### `public bool `[`validateAddress`](#classModuleConfiguration_1a990a5e8ebfa2f46d0c0879ffaeed8b61)`(unsigned char index)` 

Check that an index value is a valid configuration address.

#### Parameters
* `index` - the value to be validated. 

#### Returns
true - index is valid (in range). 

#### Returns
false - index is invalid (out of range).

#### `public void `[`saveByte`](#classModuleConfiguration_1afcb5191a28a9ef3c446f36718a26ac1e)`(unsigned int index)` 

#### `public void `[`save`](#classModuleConfiguration_1a007d17f1033780a4b47596f7e0c8261c)`()` 

#### `public void `[`load`](#classModuleConfiguration_1ad04ac9099049e8609cb9173a0f38ec6c)`()` 

#### `public void `[`erase`](#classModuleConfiguration_1ab6065f381e469a40e9ac9ac24fc31c82)`()` 

Generated by [Moxygen](https://sourcey.com/moxygen)